Added documentation (#20)
virelay/virelay: docs/source/user-guide/how-to-create-a-project.rst

        transforms.ToTensor(),
        transforms.Normalize((0.4914, 0.4822, 0.4465), (0.2023, 0.1994, 0.2010))
    ])
    train_dataset = CIFAR10(root='<dataset-path>', train=True, download=True, transform=transform)
    train_loader = torch.utils.data.DataLoader(train_dataset, batch_size=64, shuffle=True)

    loss_function = torch.nn.CrossEntropyLoss()
    optimizer = torch.optim.SGD(model.parameters(), lr=0.001, momentum=0.9, weight_decay=5e-4)

    for epoch in range(1, 11):
        for batch, labels in train_loader:
            optimizer.zero_grad()
            prediction = model(batch)
            loss = loss_function(prediction, labels)
            loss.backward()
            optimizer.step()

        number_of_correct_predictions = (prediction.argmax(axis=1) == labels).sum().item()
        accuracy = 100 * (number_of_correct_predictions / batch.size(0))
        print(f'Epoch {epoch}, accuracy = {accuracy:.2f}%')

    torch.save(model.state_dict(), '<model-path>')

Alternatively, the ready-made ``train_vgg.py`` script can be used to train the VGG16 classifier like so:

.. code-block:: console

    $ .venv/bin/python vgg16-project/train_vgg.py \
        <dataset-path> \

>         <model-output-path> \

Author: They deserve it ^^
Just kidding, I changed it.

.. code-block:: python

    def create_attribution_database(attribution_database_file_path, attribution_shape, number_of_classes, number_of_samples):

        attribution_database_file = h5py.File(attribution_database_file_path, 'w')
        attribution_database_file.create_dataset(
            'attribution',
            shape=(number_of_samples,) + tuple(attribution_shape),
            dtype='float32'
        )
        attribution_database_file.create_dataset(
            'prediction',
            shape=(number_of_samples, number_of_classes),
            dtype='float32'
        )
        attribution_database_file.create_dataset(
            'label',
            shape=(number_of_samples,),
            dtype='uint16'
        )
        return attribution_database_file

    def append_attribution(attribution_database_file, index, attribution, prediction, label):

        attribution_database_file['attribution'][index] = attribution.detach().numpy()
        attribution_database_file['prediction'][index] = prediction.detach().numpy()
        attribution_database_file['label'][index] = label

> Now, we can cycle through the entire dataset and compute the attributions using the LRP Epsilon Gamma Box rule, which uses the ZBox rule for the first convolutional layer, the gamma rule for all following convolutional layers, and the epsilon rule for all fully-connected layers. Please note, that by default, the VGG16 implementation of PyTorch Vision, which is used here, does not use BatchNorm, therefore no canonization for LRP to work is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we can cycle through the entire dataset and compute the attributions using the LRP Epsilon Gamma Box rule, which uses the ZBox rule for the first convolutional layer, the gamma rule for all following convolutional layers, and the epsilon rule for all fully-connected layers. Please note, that by default, the VGG16 implementation of PyTorch Vision, which is used here, does not use BatchNorm, therefore no canonization is required for LRP to work.
```

    ])
    train_dataset = CIFAR10(root='<dataset-path>', train=True, download=True, transform=transform)
    number_of_samples = len(train_dataset)
    number_of_classes = 10

    with create_attribution_database(
            '<attribution-database-path>',
            train_dataset[0][0].shape,
            number_of_classes,
            number_of_samples) as attribution_database_file:

        composite = EpsilonGammaBox(low=-3.0, high=3.0)
        attributor = Gradient(model=model, composite=composite)

        with attributor:
            for index, (sample, label) in enumerate(train_dataset):
                prediction, attribution = attributor(
                    sample[None],
                    torch.eye(number_of_classes)[[label]]
                )
                append_attribution(attribution_database_file, index, attribution, prediction, label)
                if (index + 1) % 10 == 0:
                    print(f'Computed {index + 1}/{number_of_samples} attributions')

Alternatively, the ready-made ``explain_vgg.py`` script can be used to train the VGG16 classifier like so:

.. code-block:: console

    $ .venv/bin/python vgg16-project/explain_vgg.py \

>         <dataset-path> \
>         <model-path> \
>         <attribution-database-output-path>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        '<dataset-path>' \
        '<model-path>' \
        '<attribution-database-output-path>'
```

        return dataset_file

    def append_sample(dataset_file, index, sample, label):

        dataset_file['data'][index] = sample
        dataset_file['label'][index] = label

Additionally, a label map file is required, which helps ViRelAy map the class indices to human-readable names.

.. code-block:: python

    classes = ['Airplane', 'Automobile', 'Bird', 'Cat', 'Deer', 'Dog', 'Frog', 'Horse', 'Ship', 'Truck']
    wordnet_ids = [
        'n02691156',
        'n02958343',
        'n01503061',
        'n02121620',
        'n02430045',
        'n02084071',
        'n01639765',
        'n02374451',
        'n04194289',
        'n04490091'
    ]
    label_map = [{
        'index': index,
        'word_net_id': wordnet_ids[index],
        'name': classes[index],
    } for index in range(number_of_classes)]
    with open(label_map_file_path, 'w', encoding='utf-8') as label_map_file:
        json.dump(label_map, label_map_file)

A ready-made script, which both converts the dataset and creates a label map file is available and can be used like so:

.. code-block:: console

    $ .venv/bin/python vgg16-project/make_dataset.py \

>         <dataset-path> \
>         <dataset-output-path> \
>         <label-map-output-path>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        '<dataset-path>' \
        '<dataset-output-path>' \
        '<label-map-output-path>'
```

> Now we proceed to the most important part of creating a project: the meta analysis. In this example, we will construct a simple spectral analysis for the attributions using CoRelAy. CoRelAy uses the pipeline pattern to perform analyses. A pipeline is constructed from multiple smaller building blocks, which each perform a part of the analysis. CoRelAy makes it easy to parallelize the computation and re-use interim results without having to re-compute them. For an in-depth introduction to CoRelAy and more examples, please refer to the `official CoRelAy documentation <https://corelay.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html>`_. The following listing shows a simple spectral analysis pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we proceed to the most important part of creating a project: the meta analysis. In this example, we will construct a simple spectral analysis for the attributions using CoRelAy. CoRelAy uses the pipeline pattern to perform analyses. A pipeline is constructed from multiple smaller building blocks, which each perform a part of the analysis. CoRelAy makes it easy to setup the computational pipeline and re-use interim results without having to re-compute them. For an in-depth introduction to CoRelAy and more examples, please refer to the `official CoRelAy documentation <https://corelay.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html>`_. The following listing shows a simple spectral analysis pipeline.
```
CoRelAy's strength is not at parallelization

            analysis_group['index'] = indices_of_samples_in_class.astype('uint32')

            embedding_group = analysis_group.require_group('embedding')
            embedding_group['spectral'] = embedding.astype(numpy.float32)
            embedding_group['spectral'].attrs['eigenvalue'] = eigenvalues.astype(numpy.float32)

            embedding_group['tsne'] = tsne.astype(numpy.float32)
            embedding_group['tsne'].attrs['embedding'] = 'spectral'
            embedding_group['tsne'].attrs['index'] = numpy.array([0, 1])

            cluster_group = analysis_group.require_group('cluster')
            for number_of_clusters, clustering in zip(number_of_clusters_list, kmeans):
                clustering_dataset_name = f'kmeans-{number_of_clusters:02d}'
                cluster_group[clustering_dataset_name] = clustering
                cluster_group[clustering_dataset_name].attrs['embedding'] = 'spectral'
                cluster_group[clustering_dataset_name].attrs['k'] = number_of_clusters
                cluster_group[clustering_dataset_name].attrs['index'] = numpy.arange(embedding.shape[1], dtype=numpy.uint32)

> The analysis database is an HDF5 file, which contains an HDF5 group for each category for which an analysis was performed. Usually, there is one category for each class in the dataset, the data can be categorized as you wish, e.g., categories can be created for multiple classes or even for concepts. For the present project, the data is being categorized by the classes of the CIFAR-10 dataset. Each of the category HDF5 groups of this analysis database will use the WordNet ID of the class as its name (which, again, is just a convention, but if the category name is a WordNet ID, ViRelAy will automatically display the class label). The category groups have a key ``index``, which contains the indices of the samples that are in the category. Furthermore they have sub-group called ``embedding`` and a sub-group called ``cluster``, which contain the embeddings and clusterings computed in the analysis pipeline respectively. Each key in the ``embedding`` sub-group represents a different embedding method, in this project, the attributions will be embedded using spectral embedding and t-SNE. Each embedding can optionally have multiple attributes: ``eigenvalue``, which contains the eigenvalues of the eigen decomposition of the embedding, ``embedding``, which is the name of the base embedding, if the embedding is based on another embedding, and ``index``, which are the indices of the dimensions of the base embedding that were used. Finally, the ``cluster`` sub-group contains the clusterings that were used to cluster the attributions. Each  key in the ``cluster`` sub-group represents a different clustering method with different parameters. In the case of this project, there is only a *k*-means clustering for k's between 2 and 30, so a key for each of these clusterings is generated. Each clustering can have attributes, e.g., ``embedding``, which is the embedding that the clustering is based on, or the parameters of the clustering algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The analysis database is an HDF5 file, which contains an HDF5 group for each category for which an analysis was performed. Usually, there is one category for each class in the dataset, but the data can be categorized as you wish, e.g., categories can be created for multiple classes or even for concepts. For the present project, the data is being categorized by the classes of the CIFAR-10 dataset. Each of the category HDF5 groups of this analysis database will use the WordNet ID of the class as its name (which, again, is just a convention, but if the category name is a WordNet ID, ViRelAy will automatically display the class label). The category groups have a key ``index``, which contains the indices of the samples that are in the category. Furthermore they have sub-group called ``embedding`` and a sub-group called ``cluster``, which contain the embeddings and clusterings computed in the analysis pipeline respectively. Each key in the ``embedding`` sub-group represents a different embedding method, in this project, the attributions will be embedded using spectral embedding and t-SNE. Each embedding can optionally have multiple attributes: ``eigenvalue``, which contains the eigenvalues of the eigendecomposition of the embedding, ``embedding``, which is the name of the base embedding, if the embedding is based on another embedding, and ``index``, which are the indices of the dimensions of the base embedding that were used. Finally, the ``cluster`` sub-group contains the clusterings that were used to cluster the attributions. Each  key in the ``cluster`` sub-group represents a different clustering method with different parameters. In the case of this project, there is only a *k*-means clustering for k's between 2 and 30, so a key for each of these clusterings is generated. Each clustering can have attributes, e.g., ``embedding``, which is the embedding that the clustering is based on, or the parameters of the clustering algorithm.
```

A more elaborate analysis pipeline, which has more embedding and clustering methods, can be executed using the ``meta_analysis.py`` script. This script can be invoked like so:

.. code-block:: console

    $ .venv/bin/python vgg16-project/meta_analysis.py \

>         <attribution-path> \
>         <analysis-output-path> \
>         --label-map-file-path <label-map-path>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        '<attribution-path>' \
        '<analysis-output-path>' \
        --label-map-file-path '<label-map-path>'
```

> Now, we have all necessary files for a project together: the dataset HDF5 file, the label map JSON file, the attribution HDF5 file, and the analysis HDF5 file. The only thing that is missing now is the project YAML file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we have all the necessary files to create a project: the dataset HDF5 file, the label map JSON file, the attribution HDF5 file, and the analysis HDF5 file. The only thing that is missing now is the project YAML file.
```

This file can also be generated by executing the ``make_project.py`` script, which can be invoked like so:

.. code-block:: console

    $ .venv/bin/python vgg16-project/make_project.py \

>         <dataset-path> \
>         <attribution-path> \
>         <analysis-path> \
>         <label-map-path> \
>         --project-name "VGG16 CIFAR-10" \
>         --dataset-name "CIFAR-10" \
>         --model-name "VGG16" \
>         --attribution-name "LRP Epsilon Gamma Box" \
>         --analysis-name "Spectral" \
>         --output-file-path <project-output-path>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        '<dataset-path>' \
        '<attribution-path>' \
        '<analysis-path>' \
        '<label-map-path>' \
        --project-name "VGG16 CIFAR-10" \
        --dataset-name "CIFAR-10" \
        --model-name "VGG16" \
        --attribution-name "LRP Epsilon Gamma Box" \
        --analysis-name "Spectral" \
        --output-file-path '<project-output-path>'
```

> When opening the project, created in this guide in ViRelAy, you will be greeted with a setup like in Figure 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When opening the project, created in this guide, in ViRelAy, you will be greeted with a setup like in Figure 1.
```

This file can also be generated by executing the ``make_project.py`` script, which can be invoked like so:

.. code-block:: console

    $ .venv/bin/python vgg16-project/make_project.py \
        '<dataset-path>' \
        '<attribution-path>' \
        '<analysis-path>' \
        '<label-map-path>' \

>         --project-name "VGG16 CIFAR-10" \
>         --dataset-name "CIFAR-10" \
>         --model-name "VGG16" \
>         --attribution-name "LRP Epsilon Gamma Box" \
>         --analysis-name "Spectral" \
>         --output-file-path '<project-output-path>'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        --project-name 'VGG16 CIFAR-10' \
        --dataset-name 'CIFAR-10' \
        --model-name 'VGG16' \
        --attribution-name 'LRP Epsilon Gamma Box' \
        --analysis-name 'Spectral' \
        --output-file-path '<project-output-path>'
```
Single quotes in bash for literal text
